TaskFlow 
   It takes care of moving inputs and outputs between your Tasks using XComs for you, 
   as well as automatically calculating dependencies - 
   when you call a TaskFlow function in your DAG file, rather than executing it, 
   you will get an object representing the XCom for the result (an XComArg), 
   that you can then use as inputs to downstream tasks or operators. 
   Example
      @task
      def hello_name(name: str):
         print(f'Hello {name}!')

      hello_name('Airflow users')

Task Instances
   Much in the same way that a DAG is instantiated into a DAG Run each time it runs, 
   the tasks under a DAG are instantiated into Task Instances.

   An instance of a Task is a specific run of that task for a given DAG 
   (and thus for a given data interval). 
   They are also the representation of a Task that has state, 
   representing what stage of the lifecycle it is in.
   Ideally, a task should flow from none, to scheduled, queued, running, finally success.
   
   The possible states for a Task Instance are:

      none: The Task has not yet been queued for execution 
      (its dependencies are not yet met)

      scheduled: scheduler has determined the Task’s dependencies are met and it should run

      queued: The task has been assigned to an Executor and is awaiting a worker

      running: The task is running on a worker (or on a local/synchronous executor)

      success: The task finished running without errors

      shutdown: The task was externally requested to shut down when it was running

      restarting: The task was externally requested to restart when it was running

      failed: The task had an error during execution and failed to run

      skipped: The task was skipped due to branching, LatestOnly, or similar.

      upstream_failed: An upstream task failed and the Trigger Rule says we needed it

      up_for_retry: The task failed, but has retry attempts left and will be rescheduled.

      up_for_reschedule: The task is a Sensor that is in reschedule mode

      sensing: The task is a Smart Sensor

      deferred: The task has been deferred to a trigger

      removed: The task has vanished from the DAG since the run started
      
Relationship terminology
   a task can have an upstream or downstrem tasks 
   When a DAG runs, it will create instances for each of these tasks that are upstream/downstream 
   of each other, but which all have the same data interval.

   There may also be instances of the same task, but for different data intervals 
   - from other runs of the same DAG. We call these previous and next

Timeouts
   This is used when you want to set a time limit for the execution of a particular task
   just by passing the argument execution_timeout whith the timedelta value
   if reached the task is time out and an AirflowTaskTimeout is raised
   